![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/main/asset/logo.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/174686673-e3ee3ce5-2c13-4ae6-886d-f22aed12a5a0.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177683559-6000c882-dfb4-4f7c-8b1d-a0f0e775d1d0.png)

## yxorP Headless SAAS(y), Multi-tenancy Proxy + Backend (GUI) included, PHP CURL+Composer are Optional

üì¢ [ [ ARCHITECTURE](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/wiki) ]
‚ö° [ [ DEVELOPERS](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/blob/main/docs/index.md) ]
üåà [ [DOCUMENTATION](https://4dboard.github.io/proxy-yxorp/docs/) ]
üî• [ [MAKING VIDEO](https://4dboard.github.io/proxy-yxorp/docs/movie.mp4) ]
üåü [ [WEBSITE](https://4dboard.github.io/) ] üöÄÔ∏è

[![image](https://a.fsdn.com/con/app/sf-download-button)](https://sourceforge.net/projects/proxy-yxorp/files/latest/download)

[![image](https://www.donPabloNow.com/notice.wepd)](https://www.donPabloNow.com/#notice)

![img.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177668426-3548dbf3-03ff-4ea0-a1be-08436a3751bd.png)

> ‚õîÔ∏è[ GITHUB  : ](https://github.com/donspablo) Without more people getting behind this, it won't go very far. Please click the "star" button to show your support for this endeavour if you think it interesting. Assuming there is at least some enthusiasm for the idea, development will proceed.

> üèÜÔ∏è [ LIVE DEMO  : ](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp) We have just launched the first working live demo / sneak preview via Gitpod`

> üé•Ô∏è [ MAKING OF VIDEO  : ](https://4dboard.github.io/proxy-yxorp/docs/movie.mp4) We put up a short video called "Making of the yxorP Proxy" so that anyone who wants to see how the project came together can do so.

> ‚ù§Ô∏è[ PATREON  : ](https://patreon.com/donpablonow) Donations always welcome via Github (Subscriptions & Credit Cards), Patreon (Subscriptions & Credit Cards), Paypal (Once-off, Credit Cards & E-wallet) & Ethereum (Once-off, Crypto Currency)

> ‚úîÔ∏è[ PAYPAL  : ](https://www.paypal.me/donpanlonow) Any contributions you can make toward this endeavour would be much appreciated.

![img.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177683962-8426f6e0-9626-4484-a1a0-1c03c952e8e4.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177686029-28027b8e-fadd-4aed-973b-d79bbe8edfdc.png)

Flat files are used to hold the information created by the plug-and-play application yxorP. Composer, PHP CURL, and
databases are optional for this software's operation, since they are not necessary. yxorP was created to serve as a
proxy and is capable of altering the contents of several websites. This was the original aim behind its creation. The
Cockpit, the system's principal backend, controls this component (GUI).

It is common knowledge that yxorP is one of the web proxy systems that, compared to other web proxy systems now
available on the market, enables users to tailor their surfing experience in the most ways. yxorP is one of the web
proxy systems that provides the most freedom while browsing. Furthermore, yxorP is one of the earliest web proxy systems
ever created. This is owing to its event-driven architecture and emphasis on its plugin-based design, rather than its
built-in features, which are the most essential and distinctive elements that enable customization and extension of its
capabilities. This is due to its adaptive and expandable qualities. Because they provide customization and expansion of
the product's capabilities, the built-in features are the most defining and significant aspects. This is owing to the
fact that its capabilities are modifiable and expandable, which has led to the current situation. This is because the
built-in features are the most essential and distinctive components, allowing for modification and expansion of its
capabilities. This is the reason behind the present situation. In addition to a graphical user interface (GUI) and a
back-end content management system (CMS), yxorP has a number of distinctive features that set it apart from its
competitors. These qualities include a number of additional characteristics that separate it in a variety of ways from
its competitors. These characteristics include a number of additional characteristics that distinguish it from its
rivals in a variety of ways, such as its quality.

Currently, the hostname of the request being processed is utilized to search the backend for website-specific
requirements. Then, these criteria are used to identify the most suitable website and make any required modifications.
Using the program's already-integrated article-spinning engine, the user may spin the website's content. The user has
access to this option. This activity is undertaken according to the user's preferences. Memory-based caching systems
like Memcache and Redis are about 500 times slower than flat-file-based caching solutions. This is accomplished by
decreasing the total number of serialization and deserialization operations, resulting in a cache that operates at a
much faster rate.

The most thorough version of yxorP may now be processed by the Snag error reporting and warning system due to a recent
update. Recent changes have been implemented. This method was designed to assess whether or not Snag is acceptable for
the already delivered update. Due to the program's interoperability with the great majority of industry-standard error
tracking systems, modifying the default logging system might take as little as two minutes. This is the situation due to
the interoperability capabilities of the bulk of these systems. This result was attainable due to the software's
capacity to monitor the system and report any vulnerabilities it identifies.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/174922574-d5a246b5-c30e-4a63-bc22-4957184feef9.png)

yxorP was developed from the ground up with compatibility with both stateless and stateful servers, such as Apache (like
IIS). It is compatible with TCP, UDP, Unix socket, HTTP, and Websocket and facilitates the development of concurrent
services that are both rapid and scalable (* Parallel *). It is also compatible with each of these protocols. In
addition, it is compatible with each of these protocols without issue. (Swoole). The term "high-performance" is used to
describe both of these servers, which are networking frameworks. These two servers are under the category of networking
frameworks. According to the description, each of these servers is designed with "event-driven, asynchronous, and
non-blocking I/O." This is evident from the description.

![img.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177686281-5c726469-125c-4075-a14d-8dfc086d1b54.png)

PHP, unlike other programming languages, does not have its own state. Individual single inquiry is unique. The protocol
mirrors the beginnings of the HyperText Transfer Protocol in this sense (HTTP). In addition, state may be implemented
via sessions, databases, shared memory, files, or any other technology capable of storing state in some way. There may
be more options, such as shared memory.

``` 

server {

        listen 80 default_server;
        listen [::]:80 default_server;
       
        listen 443 ssl default_server;
        listen [::]:443 ssl default_server;
        
        error_log /var/www/yxorP/logs;
        
        root /var/www/yxorP;

        index index.php;

        server_name _;

        location ~ / {
                if (!-e $request_filename){
                        rewrite ^.* /index.php break;
                }
                include snippets/fastcgi-php.conf; fastcgi_pass unix:/run/php/php8.1-fpm.sock;
        }

}


``` 

![img.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177684223-790bd4aa-7e8a-4dbd-a5e0-87ce8f0c5a8e.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177686596-c72fadb4-1f88-4eb9-95d6-e83e1cbfc5f7.png)

Both the quick and stable Swoole and RoadRunner servers are capable of running PHP applications with persistent data.
Once installed, the Swoole PHP extension offers users access to a range of useful and intriguing features. This includes
web sockets, coroutines, fibers, and caching. RoadRunner is a robust application server, load balancer, and process
manager developed using GoLang. Depending on the coder, Octane may use any of these methods. Due to the PHP Swoole
extension, Octane has access to many more features than RoadRunner.

``` 

php ./server.php

```

![img.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177686387-dc457561-f3ad-404b-97c4-1b73b7f37e4d.png)

Docker Compose is a tool for constructing and deploying multi-container-based applications. Compose enables us to design
our services inside a YAML file and deploy, grow, and delete our infrastructure with a single command.

``` 

docker-composer up -d 

```

![img.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177684476-58524026-dacc-426a-ac26-5597836683b9.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177686426-5ba11476-7007-45e2-82ae-82a4879176e0.png)

Docker enables its users to manage containers in a manner analogous to managing very lightweight and modular virtual
machines. This streamlines a variety of procedures, including the design and building of containers as well as the
transport of pictures.

```

docker run

-p 80:80 --rm -u www-data -v \`pwd\`:/var/www -e ENV=dev donpablonow/yxorp 

```

![img.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177686483-68ab777a-d0cc-497c-b9ff-d981ad8e7037.png)

> ‚ö†Ô∏èRequires: Minimum requirement is PHP version 8.0 +

Create a duplicate of the  "example.env" file and save it as ".env"

```

cp ./example.env ./.env 

```

Modify the settings included inside the ".env" file as necessary. The program is configured to respond to queries from
any domain by acting as a proxy and forwarding them to the "example.com" website. Replace "www.example.com" in the.env
file with a new URL, and all future queries will reflect the change. After serving the website on localhost or any other
domain, go to http://localhost/dashboard and enter the login yxorP and the password you established. In addition, you
may use the credentials provided in the '.env' file. This will allow you to configure the application to direct traffic
from a given domain to a specific website. After gaining access to the dashboard, choose "sites" and clone the example
website so that its settings may be modified.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/main/asset/diagrams.png)

![img.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177684819-fbdd79b3-93ad-4012-aa41-7661fd9638ec.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177685870-385a203b-9654-4c7b-b3e7-00c725d3fa51.png)

### üîã Batteries Included: Plug & Play \[CURL + Composer Optional\], Proxy as a Service, Multi-tenant, Multi-Threaded, with Cache & Article Spinner.

In addition to a system for content-spinning and an auto-caching engine, the website's interface is visually pleasant.
Arangodb, Devnull, Dynamodb (AWS), Cassandra, Devrandom, Files, CouchBasev3, Memstatic, Firestore, Couchdb, Leveldb,
Mongodb, Memcache(d),Predis, Sqlite, Redis, Wincache, Sssb, and Zend Disk Cache are among the available cache drivers.
Integrating the two most efficient web proxy applications enhances performance. This self-service proxy engine supports
several tenants with little performance loss by combining an attractive flat-file web interface with a bespoke
multi-threaded caching layer and a very effective thesaurus article spinner with a minimum vocabulary of 10,000 words.
In addition to an integrated cache management system and a web-based cache management system, the proxy is modular or
plugin-based. Internet-based graphical user interface (GUI) monitoring and analytics (GUI). By using a custom-built
content spinning engine, the system is able to "enhance" (or "spin") information with little performance loss (10,000+
thesaurus/dictionary items) and without sacrificing quality.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/main/asset/Idna.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177671798-1d8a9fc9-64d4-43d8-82e1-3d2a056ada90.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157188599-5fdfd399-b340-434e-b80b-ca356f8ad8ab.png)

### Cockpit Back-End Cockpit is awesome if you need a flexible content structure but don't want to be limited in how to

Implementation is the most efficient approach to use the offered information. Cockpit is a good option to investigate if
you need to manage a large number of devices or require a content management interface for static site builders. Both of
these scenarios need cautious cockpit operation. If any of these apply to your situation, you should give them special
consideration. Each of these occurrences happens sometimes. Construct whole new apps, then provide Cockpit access to
them so it can feed them content.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/174488292-66e75484-d57b-472f-8921-661d09387727.png)

The headless dashboard is displayed with an API-first layout that prioritizes and hierarchically arranges data. This
separation between client-side consumption and management of information and server-side administration of material
should simplify the publishing process. The dashboard is limited to the tasks required to maintain back-end content. Its
fundamental objective is to distribute structured content across several media via a simple application programming
interface, as opposed to depending on the transmission of data through individual web pages.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/174488463-767e2f7a-8409-445b-b7e8-ed45d0965a89.png)

#### Key features:

Manage flexible content models. Despite the existence of accessible content models, none have been developed before. You
will be solely responsible for developing the content model required for this method. A user interface free of
extraneous elements and clutter. Dashboard provides not just an easy user interface, but also one that is continuously
updated. You may use the system in any way you see appropriate, so long as you adhere to the set requirements. There is
just one system in place. Utilize a straightforward application programming interface to get access to your content (
API).

#### The Advantages Of Going Headless

- You are free to come up with the most creative arrangement you are capable of conceiving since the display does not
  have any restrictions of any kind, giving you the opportunity to do so.

- As a consequence of the potential to make content just once and then use it across the board, it is possible to
  produce material for a substantial number of various distribution channels at the same time. These channels include
  television, radio, the internet, and mobile devices.

- Content that can be easily resized to suit numerous screen sizes without suffering a degradation in quality and that
  can be rapidly changed to match a number of screen sizes

- Capable of functioning appropriately on all of the various devices that you use, in addition to the microsites, in the
  event that you make use of them.

- The basic minimal amount of knowledge and experience that is necessary to be considered qualified for the position

You should get started on this as soon as humanly feasible, since it is of the highest significance that you do so.

- Incorporations that are not just fast, but they are also simple and straightforward to comprehend

- Creating effective lines of communication with every facet of life is an imperative need that must be met.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/174488424-88456e97-539c-4ec2-918b-fc59be5be8da.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177671919-1584593a-cfcc-476a-93ce-c1a65e81de92.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157188653-bde1f08c-27ee-4eb8-90f7-69d1e60aa949.png)

You may build static flat file versions of your original webpages by utilizing yxorP to mirror your websites, supplying
mirrored or cloned copies of those websites, and then giving the mirrored or cloned copies of those websites as static
flat file variants of your original webpages. This is feasible by using yxorP to mirror your websites.

#### üî• Cache

The cached information is made accessible to customers through a Web proxy. These items may include anything that is
available through the Internet. This category may include articles, images, and files. Internet users may now get the
required information far faster, and they are no longer directly in competition with other activities for available
bandwidth.

When you load your websites utilizing caching, you not only reduce the likelihood that the loading time will increase,
but you also reduce the server strain caused by your actions. Consequently, the time required for online pages to load
will decrease with time.

#### üìõ Firewall

All network access requests are continually monitored and filtered by a firewall, while proxy servers only provide the
former role. This is the most significant distinction between the two security techniques. This is the most notable
distinction between the two kinds of used safety measures. By emphasizing this contrast, the two unique types of
security measures may be distinguished most clearly from one another. A proxy server connects the user's local computer
to the server, allowing it to receive data on the user's behalf. This connection gives the local computer of the user
access to the server. Due to these operations, the proxy server acts as an intermediate between the client and the
server. Access should never be allowed unless specifically permitted by the appropriate authorities.

To defend your websites against distributed denial of service attacks and other sorts of attacks, you must configure a
virtual firewall behind your proxy server. You will be safeguarded against website-based assaults in general if you
follow these steps to their logical conclusion.

#### üî≥ iFrame

The CORS Proxy API will use many backend technologies to fulfill all of your requests for third-party-controlled
resources. This is required for the API to fulfill your requests. The sole requirement of the CORS Proxy API endpoint is
that you provide the request body together with all client-requested request data. After receiving and processing your
request, CORS Proxy will promptly return it to you using an efficient and effective method.

Although it is feasible to use iframing services without CORS, doing so is discouraged. It has been said that the
behavior in question, although being plausible and "not suggested but attainable," it is "not advised but possible."

#### üî± Load-balancing

TCP Proxy Load Balancing is a method that allows users from many regions of the world to share a single IP address. The
TCP proxy load balancer is accountable for automatically routing traffic to the geographically nearest backends. TCP
Proxy Load Balancing may operate as a global load balancing service when the Premium Tier is applied. Either a load
balancer or a Web proxy server is required when implementing in-memory replication of client session information. Both
options cannot be used together. This is done so that all domain-based applications may be accessed through a single URL
for external clients.

The installation of cloned copies of your website on several additional servers, each of which is connected to a
load-balancing system, is one method for achieving this objective. There are several other approaches that might
possibly be used in this operation. Using a cluster of servers is a potential alternative method that might be utilized
to execute this assignment effectively.

#### ‚åõ Allways-online

It is possible to provide failover support across proxies by duplicating the first proxy server. This second proxy
server is very identical to the first. This permits a smooth transfer between proxy servers in the case of a server
failure. Due to their incapacity to communicate, proxy servers and peer masters must be handled by a load balancer since
they are unaware of one another. Peer masters are in communication with and converse with one another. In contrast, peer
masters are familiar with one another and maintain open communication lines. Various properties of peer masters and
proxy servers must be accounted for.

By keeping a proxy version of your website and switching to it whenever the actual website is unavailable for
maintenance or changes, you can ensure that your online resources remain accessible at a high level and continuously.
This will guarantee that your online material is constantly accessible to users. This will help you to guarantee that
your consumers always have access to your online resources.

##### + many more..

The applications outlined in this page are only a sampling of the many ways in which this proxy may be implemented;
further information is accessible in our discussion forum.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/main/asset/logosnag.png)

By using a technique that is simple to put into action, BugSnag is able to assist in the simplification of the process
of error monitoring in addition to the management of application stability. This is made possible via the use of an easy
to implement approach. Because of this, BugSnag is able to maintain application stability in a more efficient manner. In
order to be in a position to create views that are supported by facts about the process of problem-solving or the
creation of software, it is necessary to have the ability to retain stability.

![image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/main/asset/Snag.gif)

Because our mobile support is widely regarded as the industry's gold standard, we are able to supply teams with
diagnostic data that enables them to reproduce issues and discover solutions to them as soon as those problems begin to
have an effect on the system's reliability. The reports on the different types of errors are sorted according to the
underlying cause of the error, and in some situations, they are also categorized according to the impact that the error
had on the business. In addition to this, we provide our clients with in-depth information on the diagnostic process.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177672109-b49bb56d-abfe-411f-87b6-b506e47820b8.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157188697-4c3a2b95-b40b-441c-bf6a-45c97e4e4b57.png)

Gitpod gives Theia developers access to a Visual Studio Code-based integrated development environment (IDE). This
integrated development environment (IDE) allows the change and reorganization of code, as well as the creation of
brand-new features. It offers a full operating system environment, allowing programs designed expressly for the platform
to use the operating system environment and run effectively. This is possible because these apps may misuse the
operating system environment. As a result, apps may now use the operating system environment. Previously, this was
impossible. During the creation of these apps, the extensive capabilities of the platform were meticulously evaluated.

[![image](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/4dboard/yxorP) [![image](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://www.heroku.com/deploy/?template=https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/4dboard/yxorP) [![image](https://render.com/images/deploy-to-render-button.svg)](https://render.com/deploy?repo=https://github.com/4dboard/yxorP) [![image](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/4dboard/yxorP)

Visit their website to learn more about Gitpod and how the platform's capabilities are always expanding. These two
topics are discussed on their website. Gitpods, on the other hand, are containers managed by Docker and running Ubuntu
20.04 Focal Focal. The software installation process is hindered because the user gitpod is not on the list of users
having sudo privileges. This raises the procedure's complexity. It is not impossible for installation components that
need root privileges to alter the Dockerfile associated with a running instance of Docker. The optimum place for various
activities may be the Dockerfile, the command line, or the code, depending on the circumstances of the situation. As
Dockerfiles are only configuration files for containers, they do not need to be very complicated for the vast majority
of operations.

Gitpod has a user account and home directory named gitpod and located at /home/gitpod. Despite this, only the original
Docker container is preserved in the shared and shareable workspace. When a repository is cloned or rolled back, only
the modifications performed in the workspace of a Gitpod are kept. "workspace" refers to the directory structure
available through the route /workspace/your-workspace-name, and "workspace" refers to the directory structure.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152177615-421c1286-33cd-4c38-9f7b-3c486901ba81.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152181888-0b505d28-41c9-4d17-bf4d-9cb3b3411e67.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177672382-fc29dfac-1dab-4192-b042-ced6a6c051e9.png)

The performance of a single web proxy surpasses that of the two original web proxies combined. Due to the combination of
two of the most powerful PHP reverse proxies presently available on the Internet, this is now feasible. Combining two
PHP reverse proxies resulted in the creation of this web proxy. Due to the fact that this is a brand-new project, it may
be modified in the future. Your cooperation and understanding are much appreciated in this subject. You just cannot
ignore this part of the issue. Using the PHP-Proxy library, which is a component of the PHP programming language and can
be downloaded for free from the PHP website, you may quickly and easily configure a web proxy application for your web
server. Visit their website if you are interested in learning more about PHP. Thus, you may avoid manually setting the
web proxy application you use. If you are able to help financially or in any other way to the success of this project,
please know that you will be shown a great degree of gratitude and will not be acting alone. I could devote more time to
the growth and development of the project, therefore accelerating its overall advancement.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/153799459-4c352a2d-2bc0-413d-9048-7f94bdd7a1a5.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152181888-0b505d28-41c9-4d17-bf4d-9cb3b3411e67.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157206067-a7263dc6-09e4-4350-8ad2-3bd51fc349b0.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157188795-5034fd0f-d40e-4a58-9e8e-286e713fb397.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177675918-d0dcee6e-dc9e-4ed5-b859-85d5debb0bbb.png)

Server Keep in mind that the operation of this proxy script may be compromised on websites or pages that, as mentioned
above, include an excessive number of "dynamic components" or are otherwise script-heavy. This is something that must be
recalled continually. This is an essential factor that must constantly be kept in mind. It is essential that you always
have this in mind, thus keep it in mind at all times. Web proxy transmissions cannot be encrypted, which is a
shortcoming of the technology. This topic is well recognized. This problem has persisted for a period of time that is
deemed substantial. This is only one of the several unfavorable facets of the present situation. Visiting certain types
of websites may need the usage of a dependable proxy server to guarantee that your web browser's HTTP requests are
routed via the proper websites. To preserve the privacy of the information you enter on the websites you visit, this
will be the case. This is done to guarantee that your privacy and safety are always maintained.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/153799352-ee3e60ed-6564-4633-9cc1-7acc2cfb2b50.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152181888-0b505d28-41c9-4d17-bf4d-9cb3b3411e67.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157188876-61dc86c4-508f-4169-a1f2-a9582c035c2a.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177675825-3e76629b-33f3-45fb-8358-b5a7a0eea0db.png)

To launch the Lando development environment, you must stick to the LAMP formula. Lando is an open-source development
instrument suited to all projects. You are allowed to utilize the Lando - A Liberating Dev Tool For All Your Projects
project for any and all of your projects, since it enables "plug and play" functionality on PHP-compatible PCs and
development in a LAMP-supported environment. This allows you to use Lando in all projects. Check this page's "Frequently
Asked Questions" section if you need further information about this project. Globally, professional software engineers
often apply local development and DevOps technologies; yet, the United States has the most firms specializing in these
technical advances. Even when there are insufficient resources available to aid in the development process, it is still
feasible to surpass the conceptual limitations imposed by the current state of affairs. This is the case despite the
availability of insufficient instruments to aid in the growing process. If you can prioritize the most essential tasks,
you will be able to do more while spending less time, money, and experiencing less long-term aggravation. To ease some
of the stress you are now experiencing, it may be beneficial to prioritize the most essential chores.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152181888-0b505d28-41c9-4d17-bf4d-9cb3b3411e67.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152177774-25482b2a-f8cd-4f19-a221-97dc29212a2d.png)

Clone this repo

``` 

git clone https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp 

``` 

Clone the "sample.env" to ".env" and update with the correct details.

```

cp ./sample.env ./.env 

``` 

Host the files on a PHP server

``` 

cd ./inc # Start it up lando start # List information about this app. lando info 

```

or

``` 

# Initialize a lamp recipe using the latest codeigniter version lando 

init \\ --source remote \\ --remote-url https://github.com/bcit-ci/CodeIgniter/archive/3.1.10.tar.gz \\ --remote-options="--strip-components 1" \\ --recipe lamp \\ --webroot . \\ --name my-first-lamp-app

```

For more information please see: https://docs.lando.dev/config/lamp.html

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152181888-0b505d28-41c9-4d17-bf4d-9cb3b3411e67.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157189458-e55e96dd-1faf-4fdf-8c63-f98fc5eab426.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177675740-33ed816f-4206-4ea3-b1e3-abdc45e04db3.png)

When it comes to software updates, the alterations that are made are most likely going to be made to the application's
dependant packages rather than the program itself; for instance, the bulk of the modifications are going to be made to
the php-proxy package rather than to the program itself.

#### .env

This file will be loaded into the Config /\*\* \* {@inlinetag} \* this is @not a standardtag - must begin a line. \*
this is a valid {@inlinetag} also \* @standardtag \*/ class at the global level.

#### /plugins/

Users are strongly encouraged to create their own plugins in this subdirectory, which may be loaded automatically from
the root directory. This subfolder is located inside the root directory, which contains all other subfolders. In
addition, these plugins may be manually installed on the system. The proxy, which includes a number of built-in plugins,
has some limits, and users are strongly encouraged to create their own plugins to maximize the number of available
customization choices. This is due to the proxy's incorporation of several plugins. This is because the proxy has
already installed several plugins. This is because the proxy's design already contains several plugins. Multiple plugins
have been preconfigured on the proxy server for your convenience. Consider a simple example, such as the "
/plugins/TestPlugin.php" text file. This file may be located in the plugins directory and is positioned inside it.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152181962-33e4e658-5fbc-4b2d-9366-7147e9fabe65.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152181058-6446dd76-3012-4e9f-b05a-7d86ca5d0872.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157206427-04af776e-d516-4fc3-b0ca-2c2cbc0f44cc.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177675573-c9df68a1-75e6-445a-9432-c0627b0e98a5.png)

Utilize your web browser to go to the root directory of the project. The next step is account registration, followed by
login. yxorP is Composer-compatible and supports databases, PHP, and CURL. Given that yxorP is operating as their proxy,
alterations are permissible. Cockpit controls the PHAR (PHP archive) binary version of proxies, which is used by many
websites. The yxorP web proxy, which permits user experience customisation, is commercially available and deployable.
However, a plugin-based architecture and event-driven design are required. Expandable, customisable. YxorP offers the
industry's most potent graphical back-end content management system interface. When a request is made, the hostname will
be utilized to get site-specific information from the system's backend. modified. Occasionally, specialized engines are
used to recreate website content. Any adjustments you make to the page are automatically saved. The memory-based cache
is about 500 times more efficient than the flat-file cache. Memcache and Redis are both caching technologies. Avoiding
serialization may increase the efficiency of cache processing. After receiving a software upgrade, Snag will soon be
able to handle yxorP. This problem has been resolved, therefore the upgrading may continue without incident. Due to the
application's interoperability with other systems and error tracking, the logging must be adjusted.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152181949-99b9aaa6-586e-4f64-826d-ec7616535d1c.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157189005-b1eb3398-be00-47a3-825d-c13a90258fc2.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177675529-46d43bff-1721-4371-9634-0a6c9c12f230.png)

Before pull requests may be sent to the production environment, they must be reviewed and approved by the development
team. This must be completed prior to implementing any pull requests. This need must be met before pull requests may be
implemented, since it is a prerequisite. To debate the suggested modifications to the document, you must create a new
issue with the title of the primary discussion subject. Then, and only then, may you specify the modifications you want
to implement. Then you may negotiate the required revisions. Then you will be able to accomplish the essential life
changes. After that, you will finally be able to discuss the desired life enhancements. Please ensure that all tests are
up-to-date so the results may be interpreted as precisely as possible. We cannot adequately convey our appreciation for
your assistance and support. We are really appreciative. Please accept our profound gratitude for all you've done for
us.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152181888-0b505d28-41c9-4d17-bf4d-9cb3b3411e67.png)  
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157206554-6f07c153-cca7-4679-a5c7-441f88580bd4.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157189069-baae9f9f-3576-4eea-9427-58a236210541.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177675430-db10d3c6-ca87-47e6-8327-8f9723a2d2ab.png)

- [x] Front-end
- [x] Combine Proxy Engines
- [x] Allow Multi-tent rendering
- [x] Build Caching

## Layer

- [x] Develop Multi-threading support (PHP Vanilla/Independent) + More (To be listed soon)
- [x] Foundation
- [x] API Service
- [x] TxT DB
- [x] Login
- [x] Registration
- [x] Dashboard
- [x] Who is Online
- [x] Documentation
- [ ] Tables
- [x] Users
- [x] Notes
- [x] Tasks
- [ ] Chat
- [ ] Notes
- [x] Data Scheme
- [x] API Endpoints
- [x] Functions
- [ ] UI
- [ ] Tasks
- [x] Data Scheme
- [x] API Endpoints
- [x] Functions
- [ ] UI
- [ ] Chat
- [ ] Data Scheme
- [x] API Endpoints
- [x] Functions
- [ ] UI
- [ ] Testing

- [x] Versions
- [x] Owners
- [ ] Crate details

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/152181888-0b505d28-41c9-4d17-bf4d-9cb3b3411e67.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157206640-0ecdb227-cc7f-46a3-8b26-b0c76ac030a5.png) ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157189108-1914f60d-d58e-400a-9ced-a5d09a5d81ad.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/177675374-f3d170e8-fd9a-4e76-a9bf-5805bc2ce504.png)

[MIT Software License for .yxorP The PHP Web-Proxy by don Pablo](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) The
Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) License is a permissive free software license developed in the late 1980s by
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. The MIT License was named after Cambridge, Massachusetts's Massachusetts
Institute of Technology. This software license's moniker was conceived at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in
Cambridge, Massachusetts. This software license was named after the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge,
Massachusetts. It is seldom referred to as the "MIT License," a common alternative name. In addition, it is also known
as "MIT." Attaching a second function to another entity is only permitted in a few circumstances. This is owing to the
permissive nature of the program, which assures compliance with license agreements. This sentence provides the
explanation. This issue has occurred directly as a consequence. This license is simple and basic; it is a permissive
license requiring just the protection of intellectual property rights and the disclosure of licensing conditions in an
open and transparent manner. This license is concise and simple. This license has no superfluous language and is concise
and unambiguous. The application process for this license is simple and expedient. It is possible to transmit licensed
works, adaptations, and large-scale works utilizing a variety of transmission methods and without the source code due to
the nature of the works. This is due to the fact that each of these works falls under one of three categories.

![img.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6468571/157201823-d408f32b-44e7-4cd5-bd5f-6e14ac741b93.png)

***

# yxorP Documentation

## Namespaces

### \

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Attribute`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Attribute.md) | |
| [`CLI`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/CLI.md) | This file is part of the Cockpit project.|
| [`ComposerAutoloaderInit0fc67c8c6d14d2081ce037f8348a35e1`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ComposerAutoloaderInit0fc67c8c6d14d2081ce037f8348a35e1.md) | |
| [`ContainerArray`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ContainerArray.md) | This file is part of the Cockpit project.|
| [`DataCollection`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/DataCollection.md) | This file is part of the Cockpit project.|
| [`DotEnv`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/DotEnv.md) | This file is part of the Cockpit project.|
| [`FileStorage`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/FileStorage.md) | |
| [`JsonException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/JsonException.md) | |
| [`Lexy`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Lexy.md) | Lexy class. Simple on the fly template parser class|
| [`LiteDB`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LiteDB.md) | This file is part of the Cockpit project.|
| [`LiteDBQuery`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LiteDBQuery.md) | |
| [`Mailer`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Mailer.md) | |
| [`Mailer_Message`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Mailer_Message.md) | |
| [`Pagination`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Pagination.md) | This file is part of the Cockpit project.|
| [`Parsedown`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Parsedown.md) | |
| [`ParsedownExtra`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ParsedownExtra.md) | |
| [`ParsedownExtraTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ParsedownExtraTest.md) | |
| [`PhpToken`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/PhpToken.md) | |
| [`PriorityQueue`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/PriorityQueue.md) | This file is part of the Cockpit project.|
| [`RedisLite`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/RedisLite.md) | RedisLite class.|
| [`SVGSanitizer`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/SVGSanitizer.md) | Class SVGSanitizer|
| [`Spyc`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Spyc.md) | The Simple PHP YAML Class.|
| [`UnhandledMatchError`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/UnhandledMatchError.md) | |
| [`ValueError`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ValueError.md) | |
| [`blockListPluginAction`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/blockListPluginAction.md) | |
| [`cookiePluginAction`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/cookiePluginAction.md) | |
| [`dailyMotionPluginAction`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/dailyMotionPluginAction.md) | |
| [`headerRewritePluginAction`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/headerRewritePluginAction.md) | |
| [`logPluginAction`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/logPluginAction.md) | |
| [`proxifyPluginAction`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/proxifyPluginAction.md) | |
| [`streamPluginAction`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/streamPluginAction.md) | |
| [`twitterPluginAction`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/twitterPluginAction.md) | |
| [`youtubePluginAction`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/youtubePluginAction.md) | |

#### Interfaces

| Interface | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| [`Stringable`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Stringable.md) | |

### \Cockpit

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`AuthController`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/AuthController.md) | Class Controller|

### \Cockpit\Controller

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Accounts`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Controller/Accounts.md) | Class Controller|
| [`Auth`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Controller/Auth.md) | Class Controller|
| [`Base`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Controller/Base.md) | Class Controller|
| [`Media`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Controller/Media.md) | Class Controller|
| [`RestAdmin`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Controller/RestAdmin.md) | Class Controller|
| [`RestApi`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Controller/RestApi.md) | Class Controller|
| [`Settings`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Controller/Settings.md) | Class Controller|
| [`Utils`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Controller/Utils.md) | Class Controller|
| [`Webhooks`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Controller/Webhooks.md) | Class Controller|

### \Cockpit\Helper

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Admin`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Helper/Admin.md) | Admin Helper class.|
| [`Async`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Helper/Async.md) | Async Helper class.|
| [`Csrf`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Helper/Csrf.md) | |
| [`Jobs`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Helper/Jobs.md) | |
| [`Revisions`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Helper/Revisions.md) | |
| [`Updater`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Cockpit/Helper/Updater.md) | Admin Helper class.|

### \ColinODell\Json5

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Json5Decoder`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColinODell/Json5/Json5Decoder.md) | |
| [`SyntaxError`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColinODell/Json5/SyntaxError.md) | |

### \Collections\Controller

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Admin`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Collections/Controller/Admin.md) | Class Controller|
| [`Import`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Collections/Controller/Import.md) | Class Controller|
| [`RestApi`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Collections/Controller/RestApi.md) | Class Controller|
| [`Trash`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Collections/Controller/Trash.md) | Class Controller|
| [`Utils`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Collections/Controller/Utils.md) | Class Controller|

### \ColorThief

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`CMap`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColorThief/CMap.md) | |
| [`ColorThief`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColorThief/ColorThief.md) | |
| [`PQueue`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColorThief/PQueue.md) | |
| [`VBox`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColorThief/VBox.md) | |

### \ColorThief\Image

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`ImageLoader`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColorThief/Image/ImageLoader.md) | |

### \ColorThief\Image\Adapter

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`GDImageAdapter`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColorThief/Image/Adapter/GDImageAdapter.md) | Base adapter implementation to handle image manipulation.|
| [`GmagickImageAdapter`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColorThief/Image/Adapter/GmagickImageAdapter.md) | Base adapter implementation to handle image manipulation.|
| [`ImageAdapter`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColorThief/Image/Adapter/ImageAdapter.md) | Base adapter implementation to handle image manipulation.|
| [`ImagickImageAdapter`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColorThief/Image/Adapter/ImagickImageAdapter.md) | Base adapter implementation to handle image manipulation.|

#### Interfaces

| Interface | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| [`IImageAdapter`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ColorThief/Image/Adapter/IImageAdapter.md) | Basic interface for all image adapters.|

### \Composer

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`InstalledVersions`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Composer/InstalledVersions.md) | This class is copied in every Composer installed project and available to all|

### \Composer\Autoload

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`ClassLoader`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Composer/Autoload/ClassLoader.md) | ClassLoader implements a PSR-0, PSR-4 and classmap class loader.|
| [`ComposerStaticInit0fc67c8c6d14d2081ce037f8348a35e1`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Composer/Autoload/ComposerStaticInit0fc67c8c6d14d2081ce037f8348a35e1.md) | |

### \Firebase\JWT

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`BeforeValidException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Firebase/JWT/BeforeValidException.md) | |
| [`ExpiredException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Firebase/JWT/ExpiredException.md) | |
| [`JWK`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Firebase/JWT/JWK.md) | JSON Web Key implementation, based on this spec:<br />https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-jose-json-web-key-41|
| [`JWT`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Firebase/JWT/JWT.md) | JSON Web Token implementation, based on this spec:<br />https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519|
| [`Key`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Firebase/JWT/Key.md) | |
| [`SignatureInvalidException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Firebase/JWT/SignatureInvalidException.md) | |

### \Forms\Controller

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Admin`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Forms/Controller/Admin.md) | Class Controller|
| [`RestApi`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Forms/Controller/RestApi.md) | Class Controller|

### \Jean85

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`PrettyVersions`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Jean85/PrettyVersions.md) | |
| [`Version`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Jean85/Version.md) | |

### \Jean85\Exception

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`ProvidedPackageException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Jean85/Exception/ProvidedPackageException.md) | |
| [`ReplacedPackageException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Jean85/Exception/ReplacedPackageException.md) | |

#### Interfaces

| Interface | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| [`VersionMissingExceptionInterface`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Jean85/Exception/VersionMissingExceptionInterface.md) | |

### \League\ColorExtractor

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Color`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/ColorExtractor/Color.md) | |
| [`ColorExtractor`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/ColorExtractor/ColorExtractor.md) | |
| [`Palette`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/ColorExtractor/Palette.md) | |

### \League\Flysystem

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Config`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Config.md) | |
| [`ConnectionErrorException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/ConnectionErrorException.md) | |
| [`ConnectionRuntimeException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/ConnectionRuntimeException.md) | |
| [`CorruptedPathDetected`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/CorruptedPathDetected.md) | |
| [`Directory`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Directory.md) | |
| [`Exception`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Exception.md) | |
| [`File`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/File.md) | |
| [`FileExistsException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/FileExistsException.md) | |
| [`FileNotFoundException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/FileNotFoundException.md) | |
| [`Filesystem`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Filesystem.md) | |
| [`FilesystemNotFoundException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/FilesystemNotFoundException.md) | Thrown when the MountManager cannot find a filesystem.|
| [`Handler`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Handler.md) | |
| [`InvalidRootException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/InvalidRootException.md) | |
| [`MountManager`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/MountManager.md) | Class MountManager.|
| [`NotSupportedException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/NotSupportedException.md) | |
| [`RootViolationException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/RootViolationException.md) | |
| [`SafeStorage`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/SafeStorage.md) | |
| [`UnreadableFileException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/UnreadableFileException.md) | |
| [`Util`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Util.md) | |

#### Interfaces

| Interface | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| [`AdapterInterface`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/AdapterInterface.md) | |
| [`FilesystemException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/FilesystemException.md) | |
| [`FilesystemInterface`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/FilesystemInterface.md) | |
| [`PluginInterface`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/PluginInterface.md) | |
| [`ReadInterface`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/ReadInterface.md) | |

### \League\Flysystem\Adapter

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`AbstractAdapter`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/AbstractAdapter.md) | |
| [`AbstractFtpAdapter`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/AbstractFtpAdapter.md) | |
| [`Ftp`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/Ftp.md) | |
| [`Ftpd`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/Ftpd.md) | |
| [`Local`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/Local.md) | |
| [`NullAdapter`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/NullAdapter.md) | |
| [`SynologyFtp`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/SynologyFtp.md) | |

#### Interfaces

| Interface | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| [`CanOverwriteFiles`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/CanOverwriteFiles.md) | Adapters that implement this interface let the Filesystem know that files can be overwritten using the write<br />functions and don&#039;t need the update function to be called. This can help improve performance when asserts are disabled.|

### \League\Flysystem\Adapter\Polyfill

#### Traits

| Trait | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`NotSupportingVisibilityTrait`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/Polyfill/NotSupportingVisibilityTrait.md) | |
| [`StreamedCopyTrait`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/Polyfill/StreamedCopyTrait.md) | |
| [`StreamedReadingTrait`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/Polyfill/StreamedReadingTrait.md) | A helper for adapters that only handle strings to provide read streams.|
| [`StreamedTrait`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/Polyfill/StreamedTrait.md) | |
| [`StreamedWritingTrait`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Adapter/Polyfill/StreamedWritingTrait.md) | |

### \League\Flysystem\Plugin

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`AbstractPlugin`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Plugin/AbstractPlugin.md) | |
| [`EmptyDir`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Plugin/EmptyDir.md) | |
| [`ForcedCopy`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Plugin/ForcedCopy.md) | |
| [`ForcedRename`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Plugin/ForcedRename.md) | |
| [`GetWithMetadata`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Plugin/GetWithMetadata.md) | |
| [`ListFiles`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Plugin/ListFiles.md) | |
| [`ListPaths`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Plugin/ListPaths.md) | |
| [`ListWith`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Plugin/ListWith.md) | |
| [`PluginNotFoundException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Plugin/PluginNotFoundException.md) | |

#### Traits

| Trait | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`PluggableTrait`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Plugin/PluggableTrait.md) | |

### \League\Flysystem\Util

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`StreamHasher`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/Flysystem/Util/StreamHasher.md) | |

### \League\MimeTypeDetection

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`EmptyExtensionToMimeTypeMap`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/MimeTypeDetection/EmptyExtensionToMimeTypeMap.md) | |
| [`ExtensionMimeTypeDetector`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/MimeTypeDetection/ExtensionMimeTypeDetector.md) | |
| [`FinfoMimeTypeDetector`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/MimeTypeDetection/FinfoMimeTypeDetector.md) | |
| [`GeneratedExtensionToMimeTypeMap`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/MimeTypeDetection/GeneratedExtensionToMimeTypeMap.md) | |
| [`OverridingExtensionToMimeTypeMap`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/MimeTypeDetection/OverridingExtensionToMimeTypeMap.md) | |

#### Interfaces

| Interface | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| [`ExtensionToMimeTypeMap`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/MimeTypeDetection/ExtensionToMimeTypeMap.md) | |
| [`MimeTypeDetector`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/League/MimeTypeDetection/MimeTypeDetector.md) | |

### \Lime

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`App`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Lime/App.md) | |
| [`AppAware`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Lime/AppAware.md) | |
| [`Helper`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Lime/Helper.md) | |
| [`Module`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Lime/Module.md) | |
| [`Request`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Lime/Request.md) | |
| [`Response`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Lime/Response.md) | |

### \LimeExtra

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`App`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/App.md) | Class App|
| [`Controller`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Controller.md) | Class Controller|

### \LimeExtra\Helper

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Assets`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/Assets.md) | Assets class.|
| [`Cookie`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/Cookie.md) | |
| [`FileObject`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/FileObject.md) | Use custom FileObject to prevent &quot;too many files open&quot; error|
| [`Filesystem`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/Filesystem.md) | |
| [`I18n`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/I18n.md) | I18n class. Manage translations|
| [`Image`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/Image.md) | |
| [`Img`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/Img.md) | |
| [`Markdown`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/Markdown.md) | Class Markdown|
| [`SimpleAcl`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/SimpleAcl.md) | Class SimpleAcl|
| [`Utils`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/Utils.md) | Class Utils|
| [`YAML`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/LimeExtra/Helper/YAML.md) | Class YAML|

### \Lime\Helper

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Cache`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Lime/Helper/Cache.md) | |
| [`Session`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Lime/Helper/Session.md) | |

### \MongoDB

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`BulkWriteResult`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/BulkWriteResult.md) | Result class for a bulk write operation.|
| [`ChangeStream`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/ChangeStream.md) | Iterator for a change stream.|
| [`Client`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Client.md) | |
| [`Collection`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Collection.md) | |
| [`Database`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Database.md) | |
| [`DeleteResult`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/DeleteResult.md) | Result class for a delete operation.|
| [`InsertManyResult`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/InsertManyResult.md) | Result class for a multi-document insert operation.|
| [`InsertOneResult`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/InsertOneResult.md) | Result class for a single-document insert operation.|
| [`MapReduceResult`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/MapReduceResult.md) | Result class for mapReduce command results.|
| [`UpdateResult`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/UpdateResult.md) | Result class for an update operation.|

### \MongoDB\Exception

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`BadMethodCallException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Exception/BadMethodCallException.md) | |
| [`InvalidArgumentException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Exception/InvalidArgumentException.md) | |
| [`ResumeTokenException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Exception/ResumeTokenException.md) | |
| [`RuntimeException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Exception/RuntimeException.md) | |
| [`UnexpectedValueException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Exception/UnexpectedValueException.md) | |
| [`UnsupportedException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Exception/UnsupportedException.md) | |

#### Interfaces

| Interface | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| [`Exception`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Exception/Exception.md) | |

### \MongoDB\GridFS

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Bucket`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/GridFS/Bucket.md) | Bucket provides a public API for interacting with the GridFS files and chunks<br />collections.|

### \MongoDB\GridFS\Exception

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`CorruptFileException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/GridFS/Exception/CorruptFileException.md) | |
| [`FileNotFoundException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/GridFS/Exception/FileNotFoundException.md) | |
| [`StreamException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/GridFS/Exception/StreamException.md) | |

### \MongoDB\Model

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`BSONArray`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Model/BSONArray.md) | Model class for a BSON array.|
| [`BSONDocument`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Model/BSONDocument.md) | Model class for a BSON document.|
| [`BSONIterator`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Model/BSONIterator.md) | Iterator for BSON documents.|
| [`CollectionInfo`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Model/CollectionInfo.md) | Collection information model class.|
| [`DatabaseInfo`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Model/DatabaseInfo.md) | Database information model class.|
| [`IndexInfo`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Model/IndexInfo.md) | Index information model class.|

#### Interfaces

| Interface | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| [`CollectionInfoIterator`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Model/CollectionInfoIterator.md) | CollectionInfoIterator interface.|
| [`DatabaseInfoIterator`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Model/DatabaseInfoIterator.md) | DatabaseInfoIterator interface.|
| [`IndexInfoIterator`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Model/IndexInfoIterator.md) | IndexInfoIterator interface.|

### \MongoDB\Operation

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Aggregate`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/Aggregate.md) | Operation for the aggregate command.|
| [`BulkWrite`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/BulkWrite.md) | Operation for executing multiple write operations.|
| [`Count`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/Count.md) | Operation for the count command.|
| [`CountDocuments`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/CountDocuments.md) | Operation for obtaining an exact count of documents in a collection|
| [`CreateCollection`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/CreateCollection.md) | Operation for the create command.|
| [`CreateIndexes`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/CreateIndexes.md) | Operation for the createIndexes command.|
| [`DatabaseCommand`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/DatabaseCommand.md) | Operation for executing a database command.|
| [`DeleteMany`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/DeleteMany.md) | Operation for deleting multiple document with the delete command.|
| [`DeleteOne`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/DeleteOne.md) | Operation for deleting a single document with the delete command.|
| [`Distinct`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/Distinct.md) | Operation for the distinct command.|
| [`DropCollection`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/DropCollection.md) | Operation for the drop command.|
| [`DropDatabase`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/DropDatabase.md) | Operation for the dropDatabase command.|
| [`DropIndexes`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/DropIndexes.md) | Operation for the dropIndexes command.|
| [`EstimatedDocumentCount`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/EstimatedDocumentCount.md) | Operation for obtaining an estimated count of documents in a collection|
| [`Explain`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/Explain.md) | Operation for the explain command.|
| [`Find`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/Find.md) | Operation for the find command.|
| [`FindOne`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/FindOne.md) | Operation for finding a single document with the find command.|
| [`FindOneAndDelete`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/FindOneAndDelete.md) | Operation for deleting a document with the findAndModify command.|
| [`FindOneAndReplace`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/FindOneAndReplace.md) | Operation for replacing a document with the findAndModify command.|
| [`FindOneAndUpdate`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/FindOneAndUpdate.md) | Operation for updating a document with the findAndModify command.|
| [`InsertMany`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/InsertMany.md) | Operation for inserting multiple documents with the insert command.|
| [`InsertOne`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/InsertOne.md) | Operation for inserting a single document with the insert command.|
| [`ListCollectionNames`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/ListCollectionNames.md) | Operation for the listCollectionNames helper.|
| [`ListCollections`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/ListCollections.md) | Operation for the listCollections command.|
| [`ListDatabaseNames`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/ListDatabaseNames.md) | Operation for the ListDatabases command, returning only database names.|
| [`ListDatabases`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/ListDatabases.md) | Operation for the ListDatabases command.|
| [`ListIndexes`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/ListIndexes.md) | Operation for the listIndexes command.|
| [`MapReduce`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/MapReduce.md) | Operation for the mapReduce command.|
| [`ModifyCollection`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/ModifyCollection.md) | Operation for the collMod command.|
| [`RenameCollection`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/RenameCollection.md) | Operation for the renameCollection command.|
| [`ReplaceOne`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/ReplaceOne.md) | Operation for replacing a single document with the update command.|
| [`UpdateMany`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/UpdateMany.md) | Operation for updating multiple documents with the update command.|
| [`UpdateOne`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/UpdateOne.md) | Operation for updating a single document with the update command.|
| [`Watch`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Operation/Watch.md) | Operation for creating a change stream with the aggregate command.|

### \MongoDB\Tests

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`ClientFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/ClientFunctionalTest.md) | Functional tests for the Client class.|
| [`ClientTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/ClientTest.md) | Unit tests for the Client class.|
| [`CommandObserver`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/CommandObserver.md) | Observes command documents using the driver&#039;s monitoring API.|
| [`DocumentationExamplesTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/DocumentationExamplesTest.md) | Documentation examples to be parsed for inclusion in the MongoDB manual.|
| [`FunctionalTestCase`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/FunctionalTestCase.md) | |
| [`FunctionsTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/FunctionsTest.md) | Unit tests for utility functions.|
| [`PedantryTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/PedantryTest.md) | Pedantic tests that have nothing to do with functional correctness.|
| [`TestCase`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/TestCase.md) | |

### \MongoDB\Tests\Collection

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`CollectionFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Collection/CollectionFunctionalTest.md) | Functional tests for the Collection class.|
| [`CrudSpecFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Collection/CrudSpecFunctionalTest.md) | CRUD spec functional tests.|
| [`FunctionalTestCase`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Collection/FunctionalTestCase.md) | Base class for Collection functional tests.|

### \MongoDB\Tests\Command

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`ListCollectionsTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Command/ListCollectionsTest.md) | |
| [`ListDatabasesTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Command/ListDatabasesTest.md) | |

### \MongoDB\Tests\Database

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`CollectionManagementFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Database/CollectionManagementFunctionalTest.md) | Functional tests for collection management methods.|
| [`DatabaseFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Database/DatabaseFunctionalTest.md) | Functional tests for the Database class.|
| [`FunctionalTestCase`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Database/FunctionalTestCase.md) | Base class for Database functional tests.|

### \MongoDB\Tests\GridFS

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`BucketFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/GridFS/BucketFunctionalTest.md) | Functional tests for the Bucket class.|
| [`FunctionalTestCase`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/GridFS/FunctionalTestCase.md) | Base class for GridFS functional tests.|
| [`ReadableStreamFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/GridFS/ReadableStreamFunctionalTest.md) | Functional tests for the internal ReadableStream class.|
| [`StreamWrapperFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/GridFS/StreamWrapperFunctionalTest.md) | Functional tests for the internal StreamWrapper class.|
| [`UnusableStream`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/GridFS/UnusableStream.md) | |
| [`WritableStreamFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/GridFS/WritableStreamFunctionalTest.md) | Functional tests for the internal WritableStream class.|

### \MongoDB\Tests\Model

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`BSONArrayTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/BSONArrayTest.md) | |
| [`BSONDocumentTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/BSONDocumentTest.md) | |
| [`BSONIteratorTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/BSONIteratorTest.md) | |
| [`CachingIteratorTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/CachingIteratorTest.md) | |
| [`ChangeStreamIteratorTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/ChangeStreamIteratorTest.md) | |
| [`CollectionInfoTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/CollectionInfoTest.md) | |
| [`DatabaseInfoTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/DatabaseInfoTest.md) | |
| [`IndexInfoFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/IndexInfoFunctionalTest.md) | |
| [`IndexInfoTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/IndexInfoTest.md) | |
| [`IndexInputTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/IndexInputTest.md) | |
| [`UncloneableObject`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Model/UncloneableObject.md) | This class is used by the BSONArray and BSONDocument clone tests.|

### \MongoDB\Tests\Operation

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`AggregateFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/AggregateFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`AggregateTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/AggregateTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`BulkWriteFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/BulkWriteFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`BulkWriteTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/BulkWriteTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`CountDocumentsFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/CountDocumentsFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`CountDocumentsTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/CountDocumentsTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`CountFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/CountFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`CountTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/CountTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`CreateCollectionFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/CreateCollectionFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`CreateCollectionTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/CreateCollectionTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`CreateIndexesFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/CreateIndexesFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`CreateIndexesTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/CreateIndexesTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`DatabaseCommandFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DatabaseCommandFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`DatabaseCommandTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DatabaseCommandTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`DeleteFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DeleteFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`DeleteTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DeleteTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`DistinctFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DistinctFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`DistinctTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DistinctTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`DropCollectionFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DropCollectionFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`DropCollectionTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DropCollectionTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`DropDatabaseFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DropDatabaseFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`DropDatabaseTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DropDatabaseTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`DropIndexesFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DropIndexesFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`DropIndexesTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/DropIndexesTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`EstimatedDocumentCountTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/EstimatedDocumentCountTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`ExplainFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ExplainFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`ExplainTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ExplainTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`FindAndModifyFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/FindAndModifyFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`FindAndModifyTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/FindAndModifyTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`FindFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/FindFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`FindOneAndDeleteTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/FindOneAndDeleteTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`FindOneAndReplaceTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/FindOneAndReplaceTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`FindOneAndUpdateTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/FindOneAndUpdateTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`FindOneFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/FindOneFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`FindTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/FindTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`FunctionalTestCase`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/FunctionalTestCase.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`InsertManyFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/InsertManyFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`InsertManyTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/InsertManyTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`InsertOneFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/InsertOneFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`InsertOneTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/InsertOneTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`ListCollectionNamesFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ListCollectionNamesFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`ListCollectionsFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ListCollectionsFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`ListDatabaseNamesFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ListDatabaseNamesFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`ListDatabasesFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ListDatabasesFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`ListIndexesFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ListIndexesFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`ListIndexesTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ListIndexesTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`MapReduceFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/MapReduceFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`MapReduceTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/MapReduceTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`ModifyCollectionFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ModifyCollectionFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`ModifyCollectionTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ModifyCollectionTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`RenameCollectionFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/RenameCollectionFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`RenameCollectionTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/RenameCollectionTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`ReplaceOneTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/ReplaceOneTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`TestCase`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/TestCase.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`UpdateFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/UpdateFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`UpdateManyTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/UpdateManyTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`UpdateOneTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/UpdateOneTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`UpdateTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/UpdateTest.md) | Base class for Operation unit tests.|
| [`WatchFunctionalTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/WatchFunctionalTest.md) | Base class for Operation functional tests.|
| [`WatchTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/Operation/WatchTest.md) | Although these are unit tests, we extend FunctionalTestCase because Watch is<br />constructed with a Manager instance.|

### \MongoDB\Tests\SpecTests

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`AtlasDataLakeSpecTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/AtlasDataLakeSpecTest.md) | Atlas Data Lake spec tests.|
| [`ChangeStreamsSpecTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/ChangeStreamsSpecTest.md) | Change Streams spec tests.|
| [`ClientSideEncryptionSpecTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/ClientSideEncryptionSpecTest.md) | Client-side encryption spec tests.|
| [`CommandExpectations`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/CommandExpectations.md) | Spec test CommandStartedEvent expectations.|
| [`CommandMonitoringSpecTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/CommandMonitoringSpecTest.md) | Command monitoring spec tests.|
| [`Context`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/Context.md) | Execution context for spec tests.|
| [`DocumentsMatchConstraint`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/DocumentsMatchConstraint.md) | Constraint that checks if one document matches another.|
| [`DocumentsMatchConstraintTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/DocumentsMatchConstraintTest.md) | |
| [`ErrorExpectation`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/ErrorExpectation.md) | Spec test operation error expectation.|
| [`FunctionalTestCase`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/FunctionalTestCase.md) | Base class for spec test runners.|
| [`Operation`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/Operation.md) | Spec test operation.|
| [`PrimaryStepDownSpecTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/PrimaryStepDownSpecTest.md) | Base class for spec test runners.|
| [`ReadWriteConcernSpecTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/ReadWriteConcernSpecTest.md) | Base class for spec test runners.|
| [`ResultExpectation`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/ResultExpectation.md) | Spec test operation result expectation.|
| [`RetryableReadsSpecTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/RetryableReadsSpecTest.md) | Retryable reads spec tests.|
| [`RetryableWritesSpecTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/RetryableWritesSpecTest.md) | Retryable writes spec tests.|
| [`TransactionsSpecTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/SpecTests/TransactionsSpecTest.md) | Transactions spec tests.|

### \MongoDB\Tests\UnifiedSpecTests

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`CollectionData`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/CollectionData.md) | |
| [`Context`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/Context.md) | Execution context for spec tests.|
| [`EntityMap`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/EntityMap.md) | |
| [`EventCollector`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/EventCollector.md) | EventCollector handles &quot;storeEventsAsEntities&quot; for client entities.|
| [`EventObserver`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/EventObserver.md) | EventObserver handles &quot;observeEvents&quot; for client entities and assertions for<br />&quot;expectEvents&quot; and special operations (e.g. assertSameLsidOnLastTwoCommands).|
| [`ExpectedError`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/ExpectedError.md) | |
| [`ExpectedResult`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/ExpectedResult.md) | |
| [`FailPointObserver`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/FailPointObserver.md) | |
| [`Loop`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/Loop.md) | |
| [`Operation`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/Operation.md) | |
| [`RunOnRequirement`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/RunOnRequirement.md) | |
| [`UnifiedSpecTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/UnifiedSpecTest.md) | Unified test format spec tests.|
| [`UnifiedTestCase`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/UnifiedTestCase.md) | Unified test case model class.|
| [`UnifiedTestRunner`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/UnifiedTestRunner.md) | Unified test runner.|
| [`Util`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/Util.md) | |

### \MongoDB\Tests\UnifiedSpecTests\Constraint

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`IsBsonType`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/Constraint/IsBsonType.md) | |
| [`IsBsonTypeTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/Constraint/IsBsonTypeTest.md) | |
| [`Matches`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/Constraint/Matches.md) | Constraint that checks if one value matches another.|
| [`MatchesTest`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/Constraint/MatchesTest.md) | |
| [`SerializableArray`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/Constraint/SerializableArray.md) | |
| [`SerializableObject`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoDB/Tests/UnifiedSpecTests/Constraint/SerializableObject.md) | |

### \MongoHybrid

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Client`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoHybrid/Client.md) | |
| [`Mongo`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoHybrid/Mongo.md) | |
| [`MongoLite`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoHybrid/MongoLite.md) | |
| [`ResultSet`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoHybrid/ResultSet.md) | |

### \MongoLite

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Client`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoLite/Client.md) | Client object.|
| [`Collection`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoLite/Collection.md) | Collection object.|
| [`Cursor`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoLite/Cursor.md) | Cursor object.|
| [`Database`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoLite/Database.md) | Database object.|
| [`UtilArrayQuery`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/MongoLite/UtilArrayQuery.md) | |

### \PHPMailer\PHPMailer

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Exception`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/PHPMailer/PHPMailer/Exception.md) | PHPMailer exception handler.|
| [`OAuth`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/PHPMailer/PHPMailer/OAuth.md) | OAuth - OAuth2 authentication wrapper class.|
| [`PHPMailer`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/PHPMailer/PHPMailer/PHPMailer.md) | PHPMailer - PHP email creation and transport class.|
| [`POP3`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/PHPMailer/PHPMailer/POP3.md) | PHPMailer POP-Before-SMTP Authentication Class.|
| [`SMTP`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/PHPMailer/PHPMailer/SMTP.md) | PHPMailer RFC821 SMTP email transport class.|

#### Interfaces

| Interface | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| [`OAuthTokenProvider`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/PHPMailer/PHPMailer/OAuthTokenProvider.md) | OAuthTokenProvider - OAuth2 token provider interface.|

### \SimpleStorage

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Client`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/SimpleStorage/Client.md) | |

### \Singletons\Controller

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Admin`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Singletons/Controller/Admin.md) | Class Controller|
| [`RestApi`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/Singletons/Controller/RestApi.md) | Class Controller|

### \ZipStream

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`Exception`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ZipStream/Exception.md) | This class is only for inheriting|
| [`ZipStream`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ZipStream/ZipStream.md) | ZipStream|

### \ZipStream\Exception

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`FileNotFoundException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ZipStream/Exception/FileNotFoundException.md) | This Exception gets invoked if a file wasn&#039;t found|
| [`FileNotReadableException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ZipStream/Exception/FileNotReadableException.md) | This Exception gets invoked if a file wasn&#039;t found|
| [`InvalidOptionException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ZipStream/Exception/InvalidOptionException.md) | This Exception gets invoked if an invalid parameter gets passed on as option|
| [`StreamNotReadableException`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/ZipStream/Exception/StreamNotReadableException.md) | This Exception gets invoked if fread() fails on a stream.|

### \claviska

#### Classes

| Class | Description |
|-------|-------------|
| [`SimpleImage`](https://github.com/4dboard/proxy-yxorp/tree/main/docs/classes/claviska/SimpleImage.md) | A PHP class that makes working with images as simple as possible.|

