***

# Configuration

Configuration definition for the parser.

* Full name: `\phpDocumentor\Parser\Configuration`

## Properties

### defaultPackageName

```php
protected string $defaultPackageName
```

***

### target

```php
protected string $target
```

***

### visibility

```php
protected string $visibility
```

***

### encoding

```php
protected string $encoding
```

***

### markers

```php
protected string[] $markers
```

***

### extensions

```php
protected string[] $extensions
```

***

## Methods

### getDefaultPackageName

Returns the package name that will be given to elements when there is no `@package` tag defined or inherited.

```php
public getDefaultPackageName(): string
```

***

### getEncoding

Returns the character encoding in which the files that are to be parsed should be encoded with.

```php
public getEncoding(): string
```

***

### getExtensions

Returns the file extensions which are to be interpreted by the parser.

```php
public getExtensions(): string[]
```

***

### getMarkers

Returns which 'markers' should be scanned for and included in the markers report.

```php
public getMarkers(): string[]
```

A marker is a single word or code that directly follows an inline comment; all text following that marker is interpreted
as its description and these are shown in a special report generated by phpDocumentor.

Example of a marker:

    // TODO: This is a marker

phpDocumentor will ignore any colon that immmediately follows the marker word; and this colon may also be omitted.









***

### getTarget

Returns the path where the product of the parsing process should be written to.

```php
public getTarget(): string
```

The parsing process will output a product, usually cache, consisting of settings and the descriptors that are generated
during the parsing process. This product, or cache, is used in future runs to only update what has actually changed and
as such speed up processing.

Because the parser's product can be omitted from the generated documentation it is possible to store the cache in a
central location and have the transformer output the generated documentation somewhere else.









***

### getVisibility

Returns a comma-separated list of visibilities that can be used to restrict which elements are included in the
documentation.

```php
public getVisibility(): string
```

The following values are supported: public, protected and private.

yxorP::get('REQUEST')
